---
subcategory: "API Gateway"
layout: "alibabacloudstack"
page_title: "Alibabacloudstack: alibabacloudstack_api_gateway_groups"
sidebar_current: "docs-alibabacloudstack-datasource-api-gateway-groups"
description: |-
    Provides a list of api groups to the user.
---

# alibabacloudstack\_api\_gateway\_groups 

This data source provides the api groups of the current Apsara Stack Cloud user.

## Example Usage

```
data "alibabacloudstack_api_gateway_groups" "data_apigatway" {
  output_file = "outgroups"
}

output "first_group_id" {
  value = "${data.alibabacloudstack_api_gateway_groups.data_apigatway.groups.0.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter api gateway groups by name.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available 1.52.1+) A list of api group IDs. 
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of api group IDs. 
* `names` - A list of api group names. 
* `groups` - A list of api groups. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - API group ID, which is generated by the system and globally unique.
  * `name` - API group name.
  * `description` - API group description.
  * `region_id` - The ID of the region where the API group is located.
  * `sub_domain` - Second-level domain name automatically assigned to the API group.
  * `created_time` - Creation time (Greenwich mean time).
  * `modified_time` - Last modification time (Greenwich mean time).
  * `traffic_limit` - Upper QPS limit of the API group; default value: 500, which can be increased by submitting an application.
  * `billing_status` - Billing status.
	- NORMAL: The API group is normal.
	- LOCKED: Locked due to outstanding payment.
  * `illegal_status` - Locking in invalid state.
	- NORMAL: The API group is normal.
	- LOCKED: Locked due to illegality.
