---
subcategory: "EDAS"
layout: "alibabacloudstack"
page_title: "Alibabacloudstack: alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces"
sidebar_current: "docs-Alibabacloudstack-datasource-edas-namespaces"
description: |- 
  Provides a list of edas namespaces owned by an alibabacloudstack account.
---

# alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces

This data source provides a list of edas namespaces in an alibabacloudstack account according to the specified filters.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces" "ids" {
  ids = ["example_id"]
}
output "edas_namespace_id_1" {
  value = data.alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces.ids.namespaces[0].id
}

data "alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces" "nameRegex" {
  name_regex = "^my-Namespace"
}
output "edas_namespace_id_2" {
  value = data.alibabacloudstack_edas_namespaces.nameRegex.namespaces[0].id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew) A list of Namespace IDs. Used to filter the results by specific namespace IDs.
* `name_regex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Namespace name. This can be useful when you want to find namespaces that match a specific naming pattern.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Namespace names.
* `namespaces` - A list of Edas Namespaces. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `description` - The description of the namespace. It is a brief explanation of the namespace and cannot exceed 128 characters in length.
  * `id` - The ID of the resource, which uniquely identifies the namespace within Terraform.
  * `namespace_id` - The unique ID of the namespace generated by Enterprise Distributed Application Service (EDAS). This ID is used internally by EDAS to manage namespaces.
  * `namespace_logical_id` - The logical ID of the namespace. **Note:** The logical ID cannot be changed after the namespace is created. It is in the format of `Physical region ID:Logical region identifier`.
  * `namespace_name` - The name of the namespace. This is a user-defined name for the namespace and must be unique within the Alibaba Cloud account.
  * `belong_region` - The ID of the physical region to which the namespace belongs. This indicates the geographical location where the namespace resides.
  * `user_id` - The ID of the Alibaba Cloud account to which the namespace belongs. This helps identify the owner of the namespace.