---
subcategory: "ARMS"
layout: "alibabacloudstack"
page_title: "Alibabacloudstack: alibabacloudstack_arms_alertcontact"
sidebar_current: "docs-Alibabacloudstack-arms-alertcontact"
description: |- 
  Provides a arms Alertcontact resource.
---

# alibabacloudstack_arms_alertcontact
-> **NOTE:** Alias name has: `alibabacloudstack_arms_alert_contact`

Provides a arms Alertcontact resource.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```hcl
variable "name" {
    default = "tf-testaccarmsalert_contact84949"
}

resource "alibabacloudstack_arms_alertcontact" "default" {
  alert_contact_name     = var.name
  ding_robot_webhook_url = "https://oapi.dingtalk.com/robot/send?access_token=91f2f6****"
  email                  = "someone@example.com"
  phone_num              = "1381111****"
  system_noc            = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `alert_contact_name` - (Required) The name of the alert contact. This is a unique identifier for the alert contact within your Alibaba Cloud account.
* `ding_robot_webhook_url` - (Optional) The webhook URL of the DingTalk chatbot. For more information about how to obtain the URL, see [Configure a DingTalk chatbot to send alert notifications](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/106247.htm). You must specify at least one of the following parameters: `phone_num`, `email`, and `ding_robot_webhook_url`.
* `email` - (Optional) The email address of the alert contact. You must specify at least one of the following parameters: `phone_num`, `email`, and `ding_robot_webhook_url`.
* `phone_num` - (Optional) The mobile number of the alert contact. You must specify at least one of the following parameters: `phone_num`, `email`, and `ding_robot_webhook_url`.
* `system_noc` - (Optional) Specifies whether the alert contact receives system notifications. Valid values:
  * `true`: The alert contact receives system notifications.
  * `false`: The alert contact does not receive system notifications. Default value: `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the alert contact. It is automatically generated by Alibaba Cloud and uniquely identifies the alert contact.