---
subcategory: "Cloud Monitor Service (CMS)"
layout: "alibabacloudstack"
page_title: "Alibabacloudstack: alibabacloudstack_cloudmonitorservice_alarmcontactgroup"
sidebar_current: "docs-Alibabacloudstack-cloudmonitorservice-alarmcontactgroup"
description: |- 
  Provides a cloudmonitorservice Alarmcontactgroup resource.
---

# alibabacloudstack_cloudmonitorservice_alarmcontactgroup
-> **NOTE:** Alias name has: `alibabacloudstack_cms_alarm_contact_group`

Provides a cloudmonitorservice Alarmcontactgroup resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "name" {
    default = "tf-testacccloud_monitor_servicealarm_contact_group59875"
}

resource "alibabacloudstack_cloudmonitorservice_alarmcontactgroup" "default" {
  alarm_contact_group_name = var.name
  describe                = "This is a test description for the alarm contact group."
  contacts               = ["Contact1", "Contact2"]
  enable_subscribed      = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `alarm_contact_group_name` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the alarm contact group. This name must be unique within your account and cannot be modified after creation.
* `contacts` - (Optional) A list of contact names that belong to this alarm contact group. These contacts will receive notifications when alarms are triggered.
* `describe` - (Required) The description of the alarm contact group. This provides additional context or details about the purpose of the group.
* `enable_subscribed` - (Optional) Indicates whether to enable weekly subscription notifications for the alarm contact group. Default value is `false`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the alarm contact group. It is automatically generated by AlibabaCloudStack and can be used for resource identification.
* `enable_subscribed` - Indicates whether weekly subscription notifications are enabled for the alarm contact group. This attribute reflects the current state of the setting.